docs/concept.md, before:

# VoiceVault - Vultr Track

## Project Overview

VoiceVault is building the secure future of enterprise voice intelligence. We combine cutting-edge AI/ML with enterprise-grade security to transform how businesses capture, analyze, and act on their voice conversations. From sales calls to customer support interactions, we're creating agentic workflows that turn every conversation into a competitive advantage while keeping your data safe in the vault.

## Hackathon Requirements

### Core Requirements ✅
- **Groq API Integration**: Ultra-fast inference for real-time call processing and transcription
- **Llama Model**: Advanced dialogue understanding and context-aware summarization using Meta's Llama 3.2/3.3
- **Vultr Track**: Enterprise-ready web application deployed on Vultr cloud infrastructure

### Team Information
- **Team Name**: VoiceVault – Vultr Track
- **Track**: Vultr Track - Agentic Workflows for the Future of Work
- **Focus**: Enterprise phone call summarization and workflow automation

## Problem Statement

Enterprise teams handle countless voice conversations daily—sales calls, customer support, team meetings, and client consultations. Manual summarization is time-consuming, inconsistent, and leads to lost insights and missed opportunities. VoiceVault addresses this critical workflow bottleneck.

## Solution Architecture

### Core Pipeline
```
Audio Upload → Groq (Fast Transcription) → Llama (Intelligent Analysis) → 
VoiceVault Dashboard → Enterprise Integrations
```

### Key Components
1. **Audio Processing**: Extract and prepare audio from uploads
2. **Speaker Diarization**: Identify different speakers in conversations
3. **Fast Transcription**: Groq API for real-time speech-to-text
4. **Intelligent Analysis**: Llama models for context-aware summarization
5. **Agentic Workflows**: Automated routing, action items, and follow-ups
6. **Enterprise Integration**: CRM, Slack, email, and dashboard interfaces

## Technical Stack

### Required Technologies
- **Groq API**: Fast inference engine for transcription and initial processing
- **Llama 3.2/3.3**: Advanced language model for dialogue understanding
- **Vultr Cloud**: Container deployment, storage, and scaling infrastructure

### Bonus Prize Opportunities
- **Coral Protocol**: Decentralized voice data handling or privacy layers
- **Fetch AI**: Agent orchestration for automated workflow triggers
- **Snowflake**: Enterprise data warehouse integration for call analytics

### Core Technologies
- **Containerization**: Docker/Podman for scalable deployment
- **Frontend**: React/Vue.js for enterprise dashboard
- **Backend**: Python/Node.js API services
- **Database**: PostgreSQL for user management and call history
- **Storage**: Object storage for audio files and processed data

## Agentic Features

### Autonomous Capabilities
- **Multi-step Processing**: Audio → Transcription → Analysis → Action
- **Smart Routing**: Automatically categorize and route summaries to appropriate teams
- **Action Item Extraction**: Identify and track follow-up tasks and deadlines
- **Escalation Triggers**: Sentiment analysis with automatic alerts for urgent issues
- **Integration Workflows**: Seamless data flow to CRM, project management, and communication tools

### Decision Trees
- **Call Type Classification**: Sales, support, internal meeting, client consultation
- **Priority Assessment**: Urgent, normal, or low priority based on content analysis
- **Stakeholder Routing**: Determine which team members need specific information
- **Follow-up Scheduling**: Automatic calendar integration for next steps

## Enterprise Use Cases

### Sales Team
- **Lead Qualification**: Automated extraction of prospect information and qualification status
- **Pipeline Updates**: Direct integration with CRM systems for opportunity tracking
- **Next Steps**: Clear action items and follow-up scheduling
- **Performance Analytics**: Call outcome tracking and conversion metrics

### Customer Success
- **Support Call Analysis**: Issue categorization and resolution tracking
- **Sentiment Monitoring**: Customer satisfaction and escalation identification
- **Knowledge Base**: Automatic documentation of common issues and solutions
- **Team Collaboration**: Seamless handoffs between support tiers

### Human Resources
- **Interview Summaries**: Consistent candidate evaluation documentation
- **Performance Reviews**: Structured feedback and goal tracking
- **Training Sessions**: Knowledge capture and skill development tracking
- **Compliance**: Automated documentation for regulatory requirements

### Operations
- **Meeting Minutes**: Automated documentation of decisions and action items
- **Project Updates**: Status tracking and deliverable management
- **Strategic Planning**: Capture of key decisions and strategic direction
- **Cross-team Communication**: Ensuring information flows between departments

## Future of Work Impact

### Time Savings
- **Automated Documentation**: Eliminate manual note-taking and summary creation
- **Instant Insights**: Real-time analysis and action item extraction
- **Reduced Administrative Burden**: Focus on high-value activities instead of documentation

### Enhanced Collaboration
- **Shared Understanding**: Consistent, accurate records of all conversations
- **Async Communication**: Team members can catch up on missed calls efficiently
- **Knowledge Retention**: Organizational memory that survives team changes

### Data-Driven Decisions
- **Conversation Analytics**: Trends, patterns, and insights from voice data
- **Performance Metrics**: Objective measurement of call outcomes and team effectiveness
- **Predictive Insights**: Early warning systems for customer issues or sales opportunities

## Competitive Advantages

### Technical Foundation
- **Proven Pipeline**: Building on existing speech-condenser architecture
- **Speed + Intelligence**: Groq's fast inference combined with Llama's advanced reasoning
- **Enterprise Security**: Vault-like security model for sensitive voice data
- **Scalable Architecture**: Containerized microservices ready for enterprise deployment

### Market Position
- **Real Pain Point**: Addresses genuine workflow inefficiencies in every enterprise
- **Multi-department Value**: Applicable across sales, support, HR, and operations
- **Integration Ready**: Designed for seamless enterprise software ecosystem integration
- **Future-Focused**: Positioned for the hybrid/remote work paradigm

## Development Roadmap

### Phase 1: Core MVP
- [ ] Groq API integration for transcription
- [ ] Llama model integration for summarization
- [ ] Basic web interface for file upload and results
- [ ] Vultr deployment infrastructure

### Phase 2: Enterprise Features
- [ ] User authentication and team management
- [ ] Multiple summary formats and templates
- [ ] Basic CRM integration (REST APIs)
- [ ] Action item tracking and notifications

### Phase 3: Advanced Agentic Workflows
- [ ] Automated routing and escalation
- [ ] Advanced analytics and reporting
- [ ] Multi-platform integrations (Slack, Teams, etc.)
- [ ] Custom workflow builder

### Phase 4: Bonus Technology Integration
- [ ] Coral Protocol for enhanced privacy
- [ ] Fetch AI for advanced agent orchestration
- [ ] Snowflake for enterprise data warehousing
- [ ] Advanced AI capabilities and custom models

## Success Metrics

### Technical Metrics
- **Processing Speed**: Real-time transcription and sub-minute summarization
- **Accuracy**: >95% transcription accuracy, high-quality summaries
- **Scalability**: Handle multiple concurrent uploads and users
- **Reliability**: 99.9% uptime with robust error handling

### Business Metrics
- **User Adoption**: Enterprise teams actively using the platform
- **Time Savings**: Quantifiable reduction in manual documentation time
- **Integration Success**: Seamless data flow to existing enterprise tools
- **Customer Satisfaction**: Positive feedback on summary quality and usefulness

## Repository Structure

```
voicevault/
├── README.md
├── docker-compose.yml
├── .env.example
├── backend/
│   ├── api/
│   ├── services/
│   ├── models/
│   └── utils/
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   └── pages/
├── containers/
│   ├── audio-extraction/
│   ├── speaker-diarization/
│   ├── transcription/
│   └── summarization/
├── deployment/
│   ├── vultr/
│   └── kubernetes/
└── docs/
    ├── api.md
    ├── deployment.md
    └── user-guide.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Docker or Podman
- Groq API key
- Hugging Face token
- Vultr account with credits

### Environment Setup
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/[username]/voicevault.git
cd voicevault

# Create environment configuration
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your API keys and configuration

# Build and run the pipeline
./build.sh
./pipeline.sh "data/input/audio.mp4"
```

### Deployment
```bash
# Deploy to Vultr
./deploy-vultr.sh

# Access the web interface
open https://your-vultr-instance.com
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to VoiceVault! Please see our contributing guidelines and code of conduct in the repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

*VoiceVault - Transforming Enterprise Conversations into Competitive Advantage*

Commit message:

Implement file size validation for Groq API constraints
Adds file size validation across all services to comply with Groq API limitations:
- 25MB limit for free tier
- 100MB limit for dev tier

Changes include:
- Updated configuration files (api/app/core/config.py, worker/app/core/config.py) with max_file_size setting
- Modified download service to check file size before processing
- Enhanced ASR service with size validation for transcription
- Updated UI (EntryForm.tsx) to inform users of file size limits
- Revised documentation (README.md, docs/concept.md, docs/contraint.md) to reflect new constraints

This ensures that files exceeding Groq's size limits are rejected early in the processing pipeline, preventing API errors and providing clear feedback to users about the supported file sizes.

docs/concept.md, after:

# VoiceVault - Vultr Track

## Project Overview

VoiceVault is building the secure future of enterprise voice intelligence. We combine cutting-edge AI/ML with enterprise-grade security to transform how businesses capture, analyze, and act on their voice conversations. From sales calls to customer support interactions, we're creating agentic workflows that turn every conversation into a competitive advantage while keeping your data safe in the vault.

## Hackathon Requirements

### Core Requirements ✅
- **Groq API Integration**: Ultra-fast inference for real-time call processing and transcription (with file size limits of 25MB for free tier or 100MB for dev tier)
- **Llama Model**: Advanced dialogue understanding and context-aware summarization using Meta's Llama 3.2/3.3
- **Vultr Track**: Enterprise-ready web application deployed on Vultr cloud infrastructure

### Team Information
- **Team Name**: VoiceVault – Vultr Track
- **Track**: Vultr Track - Agentic Workflows for the Future of Work
- **Focus**: Enterprise phone call summarization and workflow automation

## Problem Statement

Enterprise teams handle countless voice conversations daily—sales calls, customer support, team meetings, and client consultations. Manual summarization is time-consuming, inconsistent, and leads to lost insights and missed opportunities. VoiceVault addresses this critical workflow bottleneck.

## Solution Architecture

### Core Pipeline
```
Audio Upload → Groq (Fast Transcription) → Llama (Intelligent Analysis) → 
VoiceVault Dashboard → Enterprise Integrations
```

### Key Components
1. **Audio Processing**: Extract and prepare audio from uploads
2. **Speaker Diarization**: Identify different speakers in conversations
3. **Fast Transcription**: Groq API for real-time speech-to-text
4. **Intelligent Analysis**: Llama models for context-aware summarization
5. **Agentic Workflows**: Automated routing, action items, and follow-ups
6. **Enterprise Integration**: CRM, Slack, email, and dashboard interfaces

## Technical Stack

### Required Technologies
- **Groq API**: Fast inference engine for transcription and initial processing
- **Llama 3.2/3.3**: Advanced language model for dialogue understanding
- **Vultr Cloud**: Container deployment, storage, and scaling infrastructure

### Bonus Prize Opportunities
- **Coral Protocol**: Decentralized voice data handling or privacy layers
- **Fetch AI**: Agent orchestration for automated workflow triggers
- **Snowflake**: Enterprise data warehouse integration for call analytics

### Core Technologies
- **Containerization**: Docker/Podman for scalable deployment
- **Frontend**: React/Vue.js for enterprise dashboard
- **Backend**: Python/Node.js API services
- **Database**: PostgreSQL for user management and call history
- **Storage**: Object storage for audio files and processed data

## Agentic Features

### Autonomous Capabilities
- **Multi-step Processing**: Audio → Transcription → Analysis → Action
- **Smart Routing**: Automatically categorize and route summaries to appropriate teams
- **Action Item Extraction**: Identify and track follow-up tasks and deadlines
- **Escalation Triggers**: Sentiment analysis with automatic alerts for urgent issues
- **Integration Workflows**: Seamless data flow to CRM, project management, and communication tools

### Decision Trees
- **Call Type Classification**: Sales, support, internal meeting, client consultation
- **Priority Assessment**: Urgent, normal, or low priority based on content analysis
- **Stakeholder Routing**: Determine which team members need specific information
- **Follow-up Scheduling**: Automatic calendar integration for next steps

## Enterprise Use Cases

### Sales Team
- **Lead Qualification**: Automated extraction of prospect information and qualification status
- **Pipeline Updates**: Direct integration with CRM systems for opportunity tracking
- **Next Steps**: Clear action items and follow-up scheduling
- **Performance Analytics**: Call outcome tracking and conversion metrics

### Customer Success
- **Support Call Analysis**: Issue categorization and resolution tracking
- **Sentiment Monitoring**: Customer satisfaction and escalation identification
- **Knowledge Base**: Automatic documentation of common issues and solutions
- **Team Collaboration**: Seamless handoffs between support tiers

### Human Resources
- **Interview Summaries**: Consistent candidate evaluation documentation
- **Performance Reviews**: Structured feedback and goal tracking
- **Training Sessions**: Knowledge capture and skill development tracking
- **Compliance**: Automated documentation for regulatory requirements

### Operations
- **Meeting Minutes**: Automated documentation of decisions and action items
- **Project Updates**: Status tracking and deliverable management
- **Strategic Planning**: Capture of key decisions and strategic direction
- **Cross-team Communication**: Ensuring information flows between departments

## Future of Work Impact

### Time Savings
- **Automated Documentation**: Eliminate manual note-taking and summary creation
- **Instant Insights**: Real-time analysis and action item extraction
- **Reduced Administrative Burden**: Focus on high-value activities instead of documentation

### Enhanced Collaboration
- **Shared Understanding**: Consistent, accurate records of all conversations
- **Async Communication**: Team members can catch up on missed calls efficiently
- **Knowledge Retention**: Organizational memory that survives team changes

### Data-Driven Decisions
- **Conversation Analytics**: Trends, patterns, and insights from voice data
- **Performance Metrics**: Objective measurement of call outcomes and team effectiveness
- **Predictive Insights**: Early warning systems for customer issues or sales opportunities

## Competitive Advantages

### Technical Foundation
- **Proven Pipeline**: Building on existing speech-condenser architecture
- **Speed + Intelligence**: Groq's fast inference combined with Llama's advanced reasoning
- **Enterprise Security**: Vault-like security model for sensitive voice data
- **Scalable Architecture**: Containerized microservices ready for enterprise deployment

### Market Position
- **Real Pain Point**: Addresses genuine workflow inefficiencies in every enterprise
- **Multi-department Value**: Applicable across sales, support, HR, and operations
- **Integration Ready**: Designed for seamless enterprise software ecosystem integration
- **Future-Focused**: Positioned for the hybrid/remote work paradigm

## Development Roadmap

### Phase 1: Core MVP
- [ ] Groq API integration for transcription
- [ ] Llama model integration for summarization
- [ ] Basic web interface for file upload and results
- [ ] Vultr deployment infrastructure

### Phase 2: Enterprise Features
- [ ] User authentication and team management
- [ ] Multiple summary formats and templates
- [ ] Basic CRM integration (REST APIs)
- [ ] Action item tracking and notifications

### Phase 3: Advanced Agentic Workflows
- [ ] Automated routing and escalation
- [ ] Advanced analytics and reporting
- [ ] Multi-platform integrations (Slack, Teams, etc.)
- [ ] Custom workflow builder

### Phase 4: Bonus Technology Integration
- [ ] Coral Protocol for enhanced privacy
- [ ] Fetch AI for advanced agent orchestration
- [ ] Snowflake for enterprise data warehousing
- [ ] Advanced AI capabilities and custom models

## Success Metrics

### Technical Metrics
- **Processing Speed**: Real-time transcription and sub-minute summarization
- **Accuracy**: >95% transcription accuracy, high-quality summaries
- **Scalability**: Handle multiple concurrent uploads and users
- **Reliability**: 99.9% uptime with robust error handling

### Business Metrics
- **User Adoption**: Enterprise teams actively using the platform
- **Time Savings**: Quantifiable reduction in manual documentation time
- **Integration Success**: Seamless data flow to existing enterprise tools
- **Customer Satisfaction**: Positive feedback on summary quality and usefulness

## Repository Structure

```
voicevault/
├── README.md
├── docker-compose.yml
├── .env.example
├── backend/
│   ├── api/
│   ├── services/
│   ├── models/
│   └── utils/
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   └── pages/
├── containers/
│   ├── audio-extraction/
│   ├── speaker-diarization/
│   ├── transcription/
│   └── summarization/
├── deployment/
│   ├── vultr/
│   └── kubernetes/
└── docs/
    ├── api.md
    ├── deployment.md
    └── user-guide.md
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Docker or Podman
- Groq API key
- Hugging Face token
- Vultr account with credits

### Environment Setup
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/[username]/voicevault.git
cd voicevault

# Create environment configuration
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your API keys and configuration

# Build and run the pipeline
./build.sh
./pipeline.sh "data/input/audio.mp4"
```

### Deployment
```bash
# Deploy to Vultr
./deploy-vultr.sh

# Access the web interface
open https://your-vultr-instance.com
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to VoiceVault! Please see our contributing guidelines and code of conduct in the repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

---

*VoiceVault - Transforming Enterprise Conversations into Competitive Advantage*
